Tatum: Previously on
The Five Star Weekend:
She is not my friend.
You are my friend.
I'm a close friend of Hollis's.
You just told me you weren't
friends anymore.
You lied.
I'm never enough.
I'm never in on the joke...
I didn't know you felt
that way.
But you did.
- Are you gonna get married?
- Aubrey: I don't know.
Sometimes I think I'm with him
because it's what
my parents want.
It's a very small incision.
It should heal quickly.
I'm just calling to discuss
the results of your biopsy.
All right. look. Dru.
I'm getting calls
from clients
looking to drop you.
- Dru-Ann: Is that the one...
- Hollis: My favorite.
Dru-Ann: Is that the one
on the postcard?
Brooke:
You knew Matthew.
Tell her. don't tell her.
do what you want.
If Hollis finds out the truth.
I want her to hear it from me.
[singer vocalizing]
Today. we're making biscuit
chicken potpie. because why not?
You only live once.
- [chiming]
- This is chicken potpie
with buttermilk biscuits
as the crust.
I know. The pie itself.
it's pretty simple.
You need chicken breast.
onion. carrots. celery.
and heavy cream. white wine.
a little fresh thyme.
and maybe some parsley
if you're partial.
And as for the biscuits.
look. it's up to you.
If you wanna make
homemade biscuits.
you go for it.
if that's your journey.
Look. if I have time. or a
little aggression to work out.
I love grating frozen butter
as much as the next guy.
But the premade frozen biscuits
from the grocery store
will work just as well...
- Fan 1: You're an inspiration.
- Fan 2: I love you. Hollis.
Fan 3:
Your recipes are the best.
Okay. let's see how we did.
Watch.
Now. we're in luck.
Because today
we have a professional
- taste tester. your fav--
- [buzzing]
- Hi. Chels.
- [Chelsea] Oh. hi!
I'm so glad I caught you.
I just wanted to call
and say I am loving
your stories.
Oh. my God.
that cheese board was stunning.
I mean. Nancy Meyers wishes.
Seriously. this is exactly
the kind of content
I want right now.
It's gorgeous. it's accessible.
it's cute.
It's funny. not too funny...
- Oh. good. Yay.
- Are you okay?
I can hear your frown lines.
I'm okay. I'm just
taking a moment. lying here
in a state of undress
avoiding my real life.
looking at comments
on old posts.
which usually
makes me feel better.
- Okay. what's going on?
- I did some weed.
- I'm sorry. you did weed?
- I ate some weed earlier.
and I am kind of in a bad place
with everyone except Henry.
And Gigi.
but I barely know Gigi. so...
I thought this weekend
was gonna make me feel better.
but I don't know. I don't know.
Hollis. I think you're feeling
very vulnerable right now.
which is completely
understandable.
but everyone loves you. okay?
Sure.
You have a dinner
at Cru tonight. right?
Just have a low-key night
with your friends
and maybe put on some clothes.
Chill night. clothes.
you got it. Okay. thanks. Chels.
- Bye. hon.
- [phone beeps]
[dramatic theme playing]
I'm telling her tonight.
It's the right thing to do.
- Oh. my God.
- It's just gone too far.
I'm wearing her top
for crying out loud.
- Is it soft?
- Yeah. of course it's soft.
It feels like
I'm wearing a baby.
Aw. that's cute.
No. wait. that's gross.
Yeah. gross.
[sighs]
Look. I know I said
I wasn't gonna tell her.
but now I'm here and she just
has to know the whole story.
Gigi. there is a 4:55 Cape Air
flight that you need to get on
before you destroy
this woman's life.
Thank you for worrying about me.
but I can't run away from this.
[sighs]
[line beeping]
[dramatic theme playing]
- [phone buzzing]
- Oh. God...
- Hi.
- Thank God!
- I was worried about you.
- Why?
You haven't called me back
all day.
I can't call you
every ten seconds. Charlie.
Oh. what's going on
with that dress?
- You look super hot.
- No. I don't.
I look like a sad panda
at a bankrupt zoo.
- Oh. God...
- Hey. what's going on with you?
Hollis is still friends
with Electra.
This whole time. she made me
feel like she chose me?
And she's been lying to me.
Is she even really your friend?
- Yeah.
- You can't trust her. babe.
- Why don't you just come home?
- Are you lying to me?
- What?
[tense theme playing]
[scoffs]
Did you do what they said
you did? Did you... Did you...
Did you touch that intern?
Honey...
Yeah.
[scoffs]
Come on.
- Okay. don't call me again.
- No. no--
Fuck.
Fuck your fucking dress code.
Hollis!
[sighs]
God.
Ugh!
Oh. you look beautiful.
Our ride should be here soon.
- Hollis. I need to talk to you.
- Okay.
What's up?
I...
- I don't want you to hate me.
- Why would I hate you?
Gigi. what?
[sighs]
- I spilled coffee on my sheets.
- Oh. my God. You are fine.
- You are so fine.
- [door opens]
Wow. look at you!
Oh. black and white.
- Look at us.
- Thank you.
Okay. what is this mystery ride
to dinner tonight?
Oh. it'll be here soon.
Ha-ha-ha!
Okay. everybody say.
"Forced dress code."
Forced dress code.
Can we cool it
with the photoshoots
and obligatory group moments
just for tonight?
Tonight is chill. I promise.
Hey. are you sure you don't
wanna come to dinner with us?
No. yeah. I'm good actually.
I think I'm gonna hang out
with Aubrey.
- Aw.
- Sweet.
[door opens]
Wow.
- [door closes]
- [laughs]
- And who is this lady?
I wasn't really feeling
the dress code.
I got this earlier.
Wow. this is so much better.
I didn't know lime
could be this hot.
It's chartreuse.
- Hollis. you didn't.
- Okay.
- Hollis: I did.
- You look great.
- Hi!
- Hello. ladies.
- Tuk-tuks.
- Nan-tuk-tuks.
- Looks like a big tricycle.
- I'm not riding with you.
Could we ride together?
I am so sorry. I feel terrible.
Please forgive me.
Dru-Ann:
I don't wanna go far on a bike.
I'm not really ready to make you
feel better about this.
- Okay. Okay.
- I need a little space.
You can buy me dinner.
but I just...
I need my own tuk-tuk right now.
Actually. you can't have
your own tuk-tuk.
There aren't enough tuk-tuks.
- You know what I mean.
- Brooke! You're with me.
I can't be seen
in this thing alone.
If anyone looks.
all they'll see is that shirt.
Gigi. you have to get in the
middle because you're skinny.
Skinny people sit in the middle.
that's how it goes.
Okay. come on.
Can we get this
over with already?
Okay. hang on!
- Here we go.
- Dream come true.
[indistinct chatter]
- [camera shutter clicks]
- [phone chimes]
[The B-52's "Roam" playing]
Caroline:
What are you doing. Caroline?
You're a mess.
Dru-Ann:
This is fun!
You know. I really think
all of your clothes
should be in this color.
Well. I don't need advice
from you. but thanks.
Ooh.
What is going on
between you two.
and whose fault is it?
Um...
Did something happen?
Uh... Actually. Hollis.
there's something
I've been trying to tell you.
Okay.
- I--
- We kissed. I kissed Gigi.
- What?
- This Gigi?
- This Gigi.
- Wasn't expecting that.
- Yeah. While we were shopping.
- Yeah.
- It wasn't a big deal.
- Right.
- It was sweet.
- Yeah.
- So. people just kiss you?
- Ah...
Sometimes. but it usually
doesn't mean anything.
It doesn't really matter
if it means something.
I shouldn't have kissed you.
I'm married.
That was wrong. okay?
I forgive you.
So. why did you kiss Gigi.
Brooke?
[laughing]
I don't know. I don't know.
I mean. I obviously think
women are beautiful. obviously.
but it's not like I'm. you know?
- Why not?
- Dru-Ann: Mm.
I'm a little old
to suddenly just be...
No. it doesn't matter how old
you are. Life is change.
- It doesn't have to be.
- Hollis: I think Dru's right.
I read somewhere
that grief changes you
on a cellular level.
and I feel that.
And since Matthew. I don't know
who I am or what I am. I...
- Sorry. never mind.
- No. please. keep going.
I guess I worry that I'm never
gonna feel normal again.
[melancholy theme playing]
Like I've lost something
that I--
That I can never get back.
Hollis. I'm Lucy the chef.
I just wanted
to come and say hi.
- Hi!
- I don't mean to interrupt.
- Well. you are...
- Hollis: No. it's fine. Hi!
This is all so beautiful.
Thank you so much for having us.
You know what would be
so great is
if we could get
a quick picture with you
with our staff
for our Instagram?
- Would that be okay?
- Of course.
Thank you.
Two seconds. Excuse me.
So sorry.
Could we get some more bread...
I thought this was supposed
to be a chill dinner.
[phone buzzing]
Excuse me.
[sighs]
- [line trilling]
- Come on. Dru. pick up. Pick up.
Dru-Ann:
I know. I'm done.
I'm calling the moving company
to deal with my office.
if you could give me till
the end of next week. all right?
Oh. you're not done.
Posey's done.
I'm at MSG
watching the Knicks warm up.
Posey's here.
She's partying in a suite.
Wait. Wait. what?
Are-- J.B.. are you sure?
Parker's injured. which means
Maddox is coming off the bench.
You were right. she was lying.
She didn't need a break.
she just
wanted to watch
her boyfriend play.
- [sighs]
- She's out there dancing.
she's drinking champagne.
she's even wearing a hat
like that makes her invisible.
which it doesn't.
I'm telling you right now.
this is gonna sink her
and absolve you.
because it's only
a matter of time
before the paps get a picture.
All right. J.B.. come on.
Would you calm down?
She's just a kid.
Dru. do you hear
what I'm telling you?
It's over.
All right. I gotta run.
[line beeps]
[jazzy song playing]
Hi.
- Can I help you?
- Yeah.
Sorry. I'm here looking
for one of your servers. Dylan.
He was supposed to meet me
outside like an hour ago.
Is he still here?
Let me check.
[laughing]
Caroline:
Dad. it's so weird.
Everyone here
is eating the same thing.
Okay. seriously.
why are they all eating soup?
This is the best mediocre
clam chowder on Nantucket.
I feel like I'm at church
with Grandma.
It's the fanciest restaurant
on the island
and your mom wanted us
to celebrate. So...
Yeah. but she bailed to go
to her podcast thing.
She's still very proud of you.
even if she's busy.
You got into Amherst.
It's a big deal.
- Thanks. Dad.
- I'm so proud of you.
You're a hard worker.
Just like your mom.
Okay. please don't equate
my getting into college
with Mom making brownies.
Your mom's brownies
are top notch.
They are. But it has
totally gone to her head.
It really has.
[laughter]
I'm sorry.
My section got a little crazy.
I'm gonna need an hour. tops.
Um...
Are you mad?
- No. no. I'm fine.
- Cool.
I can just sit at the bar.
- Yeah. just-- Just an hour.
- Okay.
I'm sorry. you actually
can't wait at the bar.
I have a strict no-jorts policy.
Maybe you'd be comfortable
waiting in your car.
[scoffs]
- Okay.
- Hi.
- Is it Johnson? Party of two?
- Hi. Yes.
Perfect.
[phone chimes. buzzes]
Brooke:
I think I'm just attracted to
the same women
we're all attracted to.
Kristen Stewart.
Princess Diana...
Gigi:
Maybe you're bi.
- Hey. everyone is a bit.
- I'm not bi. I'm a mom.
Oh. shit.
Are you watching the Knicks
game? In Massachusetts?
It's not against the law.
I've always been drawn to women.
especially confident women.
but I don't know if it's because
I wanna be them or if I wanna--
You know what? It doesn't
matter. I'm married.
To an asshole.
He just got MeToo'd!
Excuse me.
didn't you get canceled?
- Not anymore. apparently.
- Hollis: Sorry!
How was your networking sesh?
Sorry.
It turned into a whole thing.
She wants to do a collab.
Maybe something
for the Christmas Stroll.
It's okay to say no.
You don't have to do it.
No. I can't. actually.
I need that relationship.
I mean. I need to work.
Work is all I have.
Waitress: There you are.
Enjoy. Doctor Ramiro.
So. where are we
going drinking after?
More drinking? Fuck.
It's been such a long day.
I think I'm gonna head home
after dinner.
Well. I wanna go out.
Or your shirt wants to go out.
That's for sure.
Come and have a real
Nantucket moment with us.
- It's '80s night at the Box.
- [gasps]
Oh. '80s night at...
Oh... [laughs]
- Okay. you got me.
- Is that a gay bar?
Look at you.
Just come out already. Brooke.
[Dru-Ann chuckles]
[upbeat theme playing]
Five shots
of nail polish remover. please!
Oh. can you turn
the Knicks game on?
Yeah. that's not a request
I can entertain.
Fine. a hundred bucks.
Come on.
- Anything for you.
- Yes.
- All the way to the top. please.
- Got yours right here.
- It's not a cup
of hot tea. Hollis.
- Okay.
Come on. Hollis. remember
college days? That's it!
- This is fun.
- Oh. look. There's Kyle.
What a coincidence.
Wow. can you seriously
not go 24 hours
without seeing your husband?
Just a minute.
Did you know she's been holding
a grudge for...
I don't know. about something
I said to her
at your wedding for 26 years?
- Yeah. that tracks.
- Oh.
Go easy on her tonight. okay?
- She's going through something.
- Oh. Oh.
Something medical.
I shouldn't have said that.
Pretend I didn't.
Just forget it.
- Please. I should not--
- Honestly. no. it's fine.
I already did.
[sighs]
All right. Look at us.
This is good. This is fun.
- We're out.
- Hm.
You really do look beautiful.
Thanks.
[phone buzzing]
Jesus. Charlie. leave me alone.
- Are you okay?
- No. I...
Gosh. what else
did you and Brooke do?
- Oh. no. not that.
- Hey! Gigi! Hey.
Sorry. Can you h--
- Can you hang on a sec?
- Yeah. of course.
- Hi. What are you doing here?
- Hey.
Saving you from making
one of the biggest mistakes...
- Who's this? Hi.
- Hi. Oh. my God. you're Hollis.
- Yeah.
- I'm such a huge fan.
Your pickle juice vinegarette
completely
changed my salad game.
I'm loving this. Who are you?
- My co-worker. John Mark.
- Her emergency contact.
It's so nice to meet you.
Are you from here?
Oh. no. no. no.
My flight at Logan got canceled
so I hopped on the puddle jumper
to see this lady.
She told me you guys
were heading here.
and this guy I've been seeing
completely ripped my heart out.
so I just really needed to be
with my best friend right now.
Of course.
That's what friends are for.
And. boy. did you luck out.
She's the best.
- So great to meet you.
- You too.
Orlando guy broke up with you?
Oh. God no. He's still
obsessed with me. Let's go.
I'm not going to let you destroy
this woman's life.
- Look.
- What?
It's really you.
You're here.
- Hi.
I sold you fish. Remember?
- You don't?
- Oh. right. Bartlett's.
And we're her college
best friends.
We don't work in fish.
but we love fish.
- Oh. Great.
- I can't believe we're just
running into you.
This wasn't on the itinerary.
- You saw the itinerary?
- Your friend Electra posted it.
I have to tell you. your videos
and the comfort food series.
it's just about the only thing
that I could watch
after my miscarriage.
They really reminded me
to take care of myself.
I'm so sorry.
And I'm glad they helped.
They did.
- Good.
- Thank you.
- Yeah.
- So. how are you doing?
Is this like a high-stakes
sports game or something?
Uh. no. my client Posey is there
and she's not supposed to be.
And she's not
picking up her phone.
Brooke:
Yeah. totally.
- You okay?
- Sorry. I'm...
I'm sort of overanalyzing
every friendship
I've had with a woman.
wondering if I actually
had feelings for her. so. um...
Oh. well.
just trust your instincts
and listen to your body.
I barely know
that I have a body?
- Really?
- No. no. like. I'm not in... it.
Even during sex?
No. God. definitely not
when I'm having sex.
I'm always wondering
if I'm making the right face
or if I'm making a weird sound.
No. I just sort of...
No. Brooke.
you gotta get out of your head.
Okay. is this sports talk?
Give it to me.
No. It's just the truth.
Okay. Yeah.
- Out of my head.
- Out of your head.
- Dru.
- Hm?
Oh. my God. it's the tour guide
from earlier.
- Which one is she?
- There. with the plaid.
- With the buttons and the...
- She's cute.
- Yeah.
- Look at you.
- You should go talk to her.
- No.
Just walk up there. say hello.
With your body.
Yeah. Okay. Here goes my body.
- Mm-hm.
- Thank you.
Thank you.
- What kind of weird look. babe?
- Weird. like...
He's your doctor.
Why didn't you talk to him?
He was about to eat some
scallops with his wife and...
I just wanna know already.
It's driving me crazy.
My mind keeps
doing this thing. like.
if we make all the green lights.
I don't have cancer.
And if we catch all reds.
I'm fucked!
Or if I see two birds
out the window. then I'm good.
But if there's only one
damn bird. then I'm a goner.
Jesus.
Honey.
with all the love in my heart.
I think you need to chill out
and wait till Monday.
Well. easy for you to say.
You get to marry someone else
after I die.
What?
[Kyle stammering]
I need another drink.
And you need to pick
a second wife.
What the fuck?
- Patrick!
- [knocks]
Shot of whiskey. Make it two.
You sure you should be
double fisting?
Yes. I'm sure. Why?
No reason. Just...
- She told you.
- No. not explicitly.
Tatum. honest. it's none
of my business. and I'm sorry.
- I shouldn't have--
- I'm not mad at you. okay?
Yeah. okay. I just-- Tatum...
Oh. fuck.
[upbeat music playing]
[phone ringing]
Hi. I'm not talking to you.
Posey. I see you.
I see you at the game.
- I'm at the gym.
- Posey. you're not at the gym.
Okay. whatever. I'm here
because they pulled Maddox
off the bench to play
and he's crushing.
I fucking knew this
was about him.
Posey. listen to me. okay?
You cannot be photographed
at that game.
Do you understand me? I can have
someone there in ten minutes.
but you cannot be photographed
at the game.
- Go. baby! You got it!
- No. No. Posey!
I gotta go. I gotta go.
I gotta go!
Let's go. Maddox!
[stall door opens]
Thank God. You have to save me.
These Hollibabes are sweet.
but kind of a lot.
- What?
- Did you tell Dru-Ann
about my biopsy?
I was trying to get her
to take it easy on you.
Can't believe I thought
I could trust you again.
That's not fair.
I was trying to support you.
Why don't you focus
on your own shit?
Oh. and hey.
Aubrey told me that Caroline
is failing out of college.
Maybe you should support her
through that.
[dramatic theme playing]
- [door opens. closes]
- [gasps]
God. look at these ceilings.
Gigi. This is so insane.
Oh. my God. please don't tell me
you're writing her a letter
like a Little Woman.
And in the adorable journal
she had personalized for you?
- What is wrong with you?
- I couldn't say it to her face.
I tried. I just...
- couldn't do it.
- Mm-hm.
- Okay. girl.
- No. please.
All right.
"I know I hurt you." Duh.
Please.
don't read it out loud...
"But back then.
I didn't know you.
Now I can see the depth of pain
I have caused.
But I also know
all that's left for us both
is the memory of this man
we both loved.
I hope one day
you can forgive me."
I think it's better in a letter.
She'll have the privacy
to process.
Can I just say one more thing
and then I'll let you get back
to your life choices?
What you want is impossible.
You wanna free yourself
of this lie
so you can feel better
about yourself.
You're not a bad person. Gigi.
but you did do a bad thing.
And you have to live with that.
You will never be actual friends
with this woman.
Oh. sweetie.
I know you loved him.
Oh. my God.
[scoffs]
She has a wooden-bowl
KitchenAid?
I just have to touch it.
Oh. my-- Oh. my God.
What is taking so long?
Are you guys learning
how to play your instruments?
- Ugh!
- Babe. come on.
You're right. That's not the way
to get someone's attention.
[instruments tuning]
Whoo!
- What are you doing?
- Come on.
Might be your last good look.
I don't wanna joke
about you dying.
It's not funny. I'm terrified!
Way to make it about you. bro.
I can't.
[sighs]
Sunny: I'm still trying
to find my voice.
you know.
which is a little bit tricky.
because it's a whole process
of getting to know
the right people.
Yeah. it's hard. though. because
the historical-tour
industrial complex...
- What?
- Yeah. big deal.
They. like. you know. they live
and die on the Yelp reviews.
And these people really like
the jokey-joke stuff.
- Which I get. but it's not me.
- Yeah.
Well. I've been on. like. one
million walking tours. truly.
and you are very good
at what you do.
Wow. really?
Because you can tell
you're a history genius.
not just someone
that memorized a bunch of facts.
- Thank you.
- Oh.
[band playing]
Cool. Band.
- Yeah. they're cool.
- Cool.
Anyway. I think history's
so cool. you know?
It's like. it makes me feel
really connected
to the past in this way that's
like both cozy and humbling
at the same time.
and it just sort of makes me...
- Am I talking too much?
- Are you kidding?
No. I love what you're saying.
I just would love
for you to keep talking.
- Really?
- Yeah.
Okay. Um...
Like. okay.
this necklace that I'm wearing.
My great grandmother
was wearing this
when she immigrated here
from Greece.
- Really? No way.
- Yeah.
I. like. kinda glanced earlier.
and I was like.
"That's neo-Hellenistic."
Yeah. that's...
Mm-hm.
That's beautiful.
It looks really nice on you.
[giggles]
Thanks.
I love this song...
I love it. It's one of my faves.
Yeah. Yeah. it's cool.
- Do you wanna dance?
- Um...
- I. um...
- No?
I don't really
contemporary dance.
[stammers]
Yeah. Right.
- That makes sense.
- It does?
- Okay. great. Yeah. cool.
- Yeah.
Um...
Of course.
Just two left feet
kind of thing.
Okay. well.
I think I'm going to.
Okay! I'm gonna be here.
- Okay.
- Yeah.
Okay. bye.
♪ And I ran ♪
♪ I ran so far away ♪
♪ I just ran ♪
♪ I ran all night and day ♪
♪ I couldn't get away ♪
♪ Couldn't get away
Couldn't get away ♪
♪ I couldn't
I couldn't ♪
♪ I couldn't get away ♪
Okay. Ahem.
Voicemail: The mailbox is full
and cannot accept
any messages at this time.
Dru-Ann:
Damn it. Posey.
Now those pictures are gonna
be every-fucking-where...
- Oh. God.
- Posey just screwed herself.
What is wrong with these kids?
I don't know.
Tatum just told me that Caroline
is failing out of college.
Sure. Take a sip.
Wait. what do you mean...
Failing out?
I thought she was just
taking off a semester?
You knew?
Okay. look. I tried to get her
to talk to you about it. I did.
- How long have you known?
- I didn't know everything.
I mean. Hollis. look. it...
We have been talking a lot
- since Matthew died.
- Oh. my God.
- You didn't tell--
- I mean. she needed someone.
I am her someone.
I'm her mother!
I don't know what to tell you.
I mean. she calls me.
- Then call her right now.
- She calls me-- No.
- I...
- She just ignored me. Call her.
Please don't ask me to do this!
Dru-Ann. get my daughter
on the phone!
[phone ringing]
- Hey.
- Hold on. your mom wants
- to talk to you about school.
- Oh. my God.
Shit.
- Give me the phone.
- No. I didn't tell her.
I guess Aubrey must have
mentioned it to her mom.
I did not say anything.
- Give me the phone.
- Are you really failing...?
Caroline.
Honey. why would you lie to me
about this?
School's just too much.
- I can't do it.
- Okay.
You could've told me.
I can handle it.
- You can tell me things.
- I didn't wanna disappoint you.
Honey. that's what moms are for.
I don't care if you're a doctor.
you know that.
But I do. And Dad did.
Honey... [sighs]
Believe me. Caroline...
- I get it.
- No. you don't.
You don't get it.
You're moving on.
- You're gonna get married again!
- What?
I'm never gonna get my dad back!
- He's gone and I have nothing!
- Honey--
Caroline--
[line beeps]
- I'm sorry. Hollis...
- The next time she calls you.
you tell her to talk to me.
[phone buzzing]
Oh. no.
Nope. I am nobody's mom.
Patrick. can I have another one?
[sobbing]
Dylan:
Hey. Hey. I'm sorry.
I had a ten-top full of a bunch
of wasted 80-year-olds and...
it was pretty metal.
Screw it.
Whoa.
Hey. wait. are you sure?
Take me somewhere.
- Man: Hey!
- Huh?
Is that Hungry with Hollis?
Hollis is dead. I ate her.
[sighs]
Get in the truck. Holly.
[dramatic theme playing]
Dylan: Are you sure
you wanna do this here?
I mean.
this lighthouse is mad haunted.
- I-- No-- What about the ghosts?
- I don't wanna talk.
Okay. yeah.
Okay.
Officer [over radio]:
Yes. trespassing complaint...
- Oh. fuck!
- Oh. shit! Shit! Shit!
I got a fornication
on public property.
Oh. it's the cops...
Come on. man...
Dylan LeClaire
and one of the Five Stars.
A mini one.
- Oh. God.
- I'm bringing them in.
Shit.
Let's go. little ones.
I got juice boxes in the car.
- Dylan: Really?
- Officer: No.
Thanks for the ride.
I'm not gonna let you
walk the mean streets
of Nantucket by yourself.
[radio playing indistinctly]
I'm failing at everything.
You're not failing.
You've just got crazy
expectations for yourself
and you're shit
at taking criticism.
I'm not shit at taking...
- Oh. Damn it.
- Mm.
You're a good man.
[chuckles]
I mean. I always knew you were.
but you were a boy and I
didn't know if you'd grow up.
But you did. You're a really.
really good man.
I forgot how earnest you get
when you drink.
You're like a dollar-store
greeting card.
Oh. my gosh! You want me to be
mean instead? I can be mean.
Is that what you're looking for?
I'd love to see you mean.
If you're gonna wear
a Canadian tuxedo.
- iron your shirt.
- [laughs]
It's wrinkly.
Not that it's a woman's job.
but what happened to Mindy?
Uh... We broke up
like three years ago.
How do you know about Mindy?
I know about Mindy.
She makes beautiful quilts.
I know. I know about
her Facebook quilts.
Why didn't you write me back?
- I messaged you like a year ago.
- I never got a message from you.
- What did it say?
- Nothing.
It doesn't matter.
- You never looked me up.
- My mom follows you.
- Cynthia. yes!
- She baked me
your biscuit potpie
last Thanksgiving.
Love you. Cynthia.
- How is she?
- She's good.
Still waiting to get picked up
to go on Jeopardy.
- [laughs]
- She still asks about you.
You're still very much
a presence.
[Extreme's
"More Than Words" playing]
Did you call the radio station
and ask them
- to play our couples skate song?
- When would I have called?
- It's just on the radio!
- It's just spooky.
[chuckles]
♪ Saying "I love you" ♪
All right. Come on. We've
never not danced to this song.
Come on.
Uh...
Jack.
[chuckles. clears throat]
[Hollis sighs]
♪ It would be to show me
How you feel ♪
♪ More than words ♪
♪ Is all you have to do ♪
♪ To make it real ♪
♪ Then you wouldn't
Have to say ♪
♪ That you love me ♪
♪ 'Cause I'd already know ♪
♪ What would you do ♪
♪ If my heart was torn in two ♪
♪ More than words
To show you feel ♪
How are you still
such a great kisser?
Lots of practice.
- But. you know...
- Stop talking.
♪ What would you say ♪
- [whooshing]
- [song fading]
♪ Then you couldn't
Make things new... ♪
What's wrong?
- I can't do this.
- I'm sorry. It's my fault.
- No. it's not your fault.
- No. no. no...
No. I just. I'm sorry.
[sighs]
Holly. come on.
♪ More than words-- ♪
[sighs]
[dramatic theme playing]
Fan 1: Can I alter this recipe
to be vegetarian?
- Fan 2: Genius.
- Fan 3: My mouth is watering.
Fan 4:
I made this. it was incredible.
- I'm so making this tonight.
- Recipe. please.
- You're an inspiration.
- How do you do it?
- I love you. Hollis.
- She's so pretty.
I wish I was her.
- She's so put together.
- I wish I was her.
Incredible!
You care more
about your followers
- than you do
about anything real.
- [sobbing]
You make everything
sunny and happy.
so you don't actually
have to deal with anything.
Fan:
I wish I was her.
Caroline: You don't get it.
You're moving on.
and I'm never gonna
get my dad back.
We were broken. weren't we?
Hollis: Just because
I don't grieve the way you do.
doesn't mean I'm not in pain.
[voices chattering]
Stop! Stop!
Gigi:
Hollis?
Oh. Hollis.
Hey.
Hey. Hey.
I'm here. I'm here.
[upbeat theme playing]
[dramatic theme playing]